update troubleshooting (#52031)
metabase/metabase: docs/troubleshooting-guide/running.md

## Java version

> If you're running version >52, then you should be using Java 21. For versions below that one, make sure you're using a Java version of 11 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metabase should be run on Java version 21.
```
Since our docs are versioned, we don't need to talk about lower versions.

> When searching for versions of Java, always use the latest minor version of the major version you're choosing. E.g.: when choosing between Java 11.0.9 and Java 11.0.25 (this is the latest minor version of Java 11), choose the latter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When searching for versions of Java, always use the latest minor version of the major version you're choosing. E.g., when choosing between Java 21.0.1 and Java 21.0.4, choose the latest version (in this case, 21.0.4).
```
Updates version to 21.

> Also, although it's possible to run several Java versions on a single server, try not to, as you might end up with unknown effects on the applications. Consider using containers for this, as they were meant to solve this problem, or ensure that you can run all your applications with a unique Java version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend running only one version of Java on a single server, because running more than one version of Java on a single server can cause application problems. If you need to run multiple applications that each require a different java version, consider using containers (as containers were meant to solve this problem). Otherwise, just make sure that you can run all your applications with a single Java version.
```

Does this clarify things?
